Added inAppSessionAuth to mobile AppConfig (#4446)
mattermost/docs: source/mobile/mobile-appconfig.rst

+------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+---------------+------------------+-------------+--------------------------+
| vendor                 | Name of the EMM vendor or company deploying the app. Used in help text when prompting for passcodes so users are aware why the app is being protected.                                                          | String | Mattermost    |                  | Yes         | Yes                      |
+------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------+---------------+------------------+-------------+--------------------------+

> | inAppSessionAuth       | Use WebView for SSO instead of external browser.                                                                                                                                                                | String | ``false``     | ``true | false`` | Yes         | Yes                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| inAppSessionAuth       | Use the app internal browser for SSO instead of external browser.                                                                                                                                                                | String | ``false``     | ``true | false`` | Yes         | Yes                      |
```

> | inAppSessionAuth       | Use the app internal browser for SSO instead of external browser.                                                                                                                                               | String | ``false``     | ``true | false`` | Yes         | Yes                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| inAppSessionAuth       | Use the app's internal browser for SSO instead of an external browser.                                                                                                                                               | String | ``false``     | ``true | false`` | Yes         | Yes                      |
```

Author: Thanks Carrie!

> | inAppSessionAuth       | Use the app internal browser for SSO instead of external browser.                                                                                                                                                                | String | ``false``     | ``true | false`` | Yes         | Yes                      |

Reviewer 3: I believe the table is currently broken.

Author: Thanks! ... I was committing the fix.
